goddamn Aloka light hi my name is Thomas
and I'm one of the four members of
Generation Y not and welcome to our
Thursday segment on Mondays we make
videos where we do things we've never
done before and get out of our comfort
zones to achieve them that's mine oh
we're signing up 34 to baby
on Thursdays we're going to explain why
we do what we do and how we do it a lot
of people have been asking us how do we
sneak in backstage and meet our favorite
artists why do we make videos how did we
get started and how could you start your
own project these are things we feel
like we've been holding back in that we
wanted to dedicate our Thursday segments
to every week when I either explain our
secret methods and how we accomplish our
goals reflect on something we did and
share the things we learn from it and
answer any specific question you guys
might have wait to make this segment
more interesting I think we should so
like 10 seconds of a marketing wax
please leave some hair so that it looks
really nicely yeah watch gonna make a
guest appearance this is very
representative we're living with a Mars
like I mean a marsh air bed there's no
point can you see whooping even if you'd
like this goose yeah did they will it's
a lot of fun and this is what I wake up
to every morning see is he boring you it
is I'm probably gonna edit you out
either way so you want some coffee
hey coffee what
we're finally getting personal and we
hope you're excited
see you